Firebase integration issue (#5)
rosberry/butterbroad: README.md

```sh
github "rosberry/Analog"
```

Then copy [AnalogBroad](https://github.com/rosberry/butterbroad/tree/Sources/Broads/AnalogBroad.swift) into your project and put an `AnalogBroad` instance into  `ButterBroad`:

```swift
//  Butter+ApplicationBroads.swift

import ButterBroad

extension Butter {
    static let analog: AnalogBroad = .init()
    static let common: Butter = .init(broads: analog)
}
```

### Firebase broad

To integrate `FirebaseBroad` into your project you need to integrate `Firebase` and `FirebaseAnalytics` by any awailable way before. For example there is an [oficial interation instuction](https://firebase.google.com/docs/analytics/get-started?platform=ios) from Firebase. If you preffer `Carthage` then you can use folowing binaries:

```
binary "https://dl.google.com/dl/firebase/ios/carthage/FirebaseAnalyticsBinary.json"
binary "https://dl.google.com/dl/firebase/ios/carthage/FirebaseCrashlyticsBinary.json"
```

> Unlike `Pod installation` `FirebaseCrashlytics.framework`  builded via carthage has not required  `run` and `upload-symbols` scripts, so we packed them into `ButterBroad.framework` for your convenience. To use them create run script phase `Crashlytics` with content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike `Pod installation` `FirebaseCrashlytics.framework`  built via carthage has not required  `run` and `upload-symbols` scripts, so we packed them into `ButterBroad.framework` for your convenience. To use them create run script phase `Crashlytics` with content
```

```sh
"$PROJECT_DIR/Carthage/Build/iOS/ButterBroad.framework/run"
```

and put `DSYM` and `Info.plist` files as `Input files` of the scipt
```sh
${DWARF_DSYM_FOLDER_PATH}/${DWARF_DSYM_FILE_NAME}/Contents/Resources/DWARF/${TARGET_NAME}
$(SRCROOT)/$(BUILT_PRODUCTS_DIR)/$(INFOPLIST_PATH)
```

Then copy [FirebaseBroad](https://github.com/rosberry/butterbroad/tree/Sources/Broads/FirebaseBroad.swift) into your project and put an `FirebaseBroad` instance into  `ButterBroad`:

```swift
//  Butter+ApplicationBroads.swift

import ButterBroad

extension Butter {
    static let firebase: FirebaseBroad = .init(with: .default)
    static let common: Butter = .init(broads: analog)
}
```

> You can put one of the folowing activation types into initializer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can put one of the following activation types into initializer:
```

> - `.none`: No action requered.  `FirebaseApp.configure`  should be triggerd from the application. Use it if your app has other firebase features and firbase app configuration is your strict responsibility. This value is asumed by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `.none`: No action required.  `FirebaseApp.configure`  should be triggered from the application. Use it if your app has other firebase features and firebase app configuration is your strict responsibility. This value is assumed by default.
```

- `.default`: perform `FirebaseApp.configure()` in the `FirebaseBroad`. Use it if you do not use other firebase features.
- `.custom`: perform specific `FirebaseApp.configure` in the `FirebaseBroad`. Use it if you do not use other firebase features but you need to specify some configuration parameters. 

### Facebook broad

To integrate `FacebookBroad` into your project you need to integrate `Facebook` and `FacebookAnalytics` by [any awailable way](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/analytics/quickstart-list/ios/) before.

> Then copy [FacebookBroad](https://github.com/rosberry/butterbroad/tree/Sources/Broads/FacebookBroad.swift) into your project and put an `FacebookBroad` instance into  `ButterBroad`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then copy [FacebookBroad](https://github.com/rosberry/butterbroad/tree/Sources/Broads/FacebookBroad.swift) into your project and put an `FacebookBroad` instance into `ButterBroad`:
```

```swift
//  Butter+ApplicationBroads.swift

import ButterBroad

extension Butter {
    static let facebook: FacebookBroad = .init(with: .default)
    static let common: Butter = .init(broads: facebook)
}
```

> You can put one of the folowing activation types into initializer:
> 
> - `.none`: No action requered.  `AppEvents.activateApp`  should be triggerd from the application. Use it if your app has other facebook features and facebook app configuration is your strict responsibility. This value is asumed by default.
> - `.default`: perform `AppEvents.activateApp()` in the `FacebookBroad`. Use it if you do not use other facebook features.
> - `.custom`: perform specific `AppEvents.activateApp` in the `FacebookBroad`. Use it if you do not use other facebook features but you need to specify some configuration parameters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can put one of the following activation types into initializer:

- `.none`: No action required.  `AppEvents.activateApp`  should be triggered from the application. Use it if your app has other facebook features and facebook app configuration is your strict responsibility. This value is asumed by default.
- `.default`: perform `AppEvents.activateApp()` in the `FacebookBroad`. Use it if you do not use other facebook features.
- `.custom`: perform specific `AppEvents.activateApp` in the `FacebookBroad`. Use it if you do not use other facebook features but you need to specify some configuration parameters. 
```

If you use `.default` or `.custom` activation type please do not forget to activate the `FacebookBroad` in `func applicationDidBecomeActive`

```swift
@UIApplicationMain
class AppDelegate: UIResponder, UIApplicationDelegate {
    func applicationDidBecomeActive(_ application: UIApplication) {
        Butter.facebook.activate()
    }
}
```

### User defined broad

> To specify your own analytics agreggator create class that implements `ButterBroad.Analytics` protocol and specify `public func log(_ event: Event)` method to send data to some analytics. `Event` contains `String` name and `[String: AnyCodable]` parameters, where [`AnyCodable`](https://github.com/Flight-School/AnyCodable/tree/master/Sources/AnyCodable) is type erraser for `Codable` generic protocol. If the analytics assumes some activation you can specify `public func activate()` method. To do it in more convenient way `ButterBroad` contains `enum Activation`. Look on the `FirebaseBroad` implementation for example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify your own analytics aggregator create class that implements `ButterBroad.Analytics` protocol and specify `public func log(_ event: Event)` method to send data to some analytics. `Event` contains `String` name and `[String: AnyCodable]` parameters, where [`AnyCodable`](https://github.com/Flight-School/AnyCodable/tree/master/Sources/AnyCodable) is type eraser for `Codable` generic protocol. If the analytics assumes some activation you can specify `public func activate()` method. To do it in a more convenient way `ButterBroad` contains `enum Activation`. Look on the `FirebaseBroad` implementation for example
```
